you hello to all and all
welcome to north to report the
little heading of the curtain peace then
this week no appetizer
but I still wanted to do this
small section for you then we will
start directly with the report
it was fnatic against 4 week of day 1 and
I'm trying to postpone it's the team of
fnatic while I had it north
last week
I am the first disappointed you go
why while here
there was an advance of 5 cases for the
fnatic have infested with yellowstar then
that look reckless and not even the
greece and a brand logo so he
has rushed too fast to
the situation there was push on the
top is the friend of the names would rather
prized to be able to have the information
on the opposing team and beyond that we
go go in the head in the jungle
adversary without vision we are 4 then
we have five corpses are a team
experienced we are the number one team
in europe and it's the team that wants
represent europe at the level of the world
and watch what is taking face
redhead 4 a turnaround
because it will end in help yes
an ace for queries while there
had five corpses the fnatic
it must not happen we did not take all
the elements in account we got
precipitated and unfortunately this is the
star who was the victim proposed a
good enough it's not very fat that happens to
everyone goes out but a few meters
later two minutes later they get
find in the same situation seat
missed the part of fnatic where they will be
totally returned by the roccat on
see behind these events the azir that
was blocking done beaven with in
more to a very nice intervention by
name of steve the french coming
totally canceled the threat of the azir and
behind the rocha that debunks their team
fight and that again surprises
the fnatic on a failed seat two
teamfight missed shot after blow
does not look like fnatic
I am disappointed and you are postponed
attention next week we go on
directly with the north to chtouka and
ios face i was week two day 2 and the
person I have chosen to honor this
week it's up to him to lead him alone and
not his team because watching
with his rum bally takes the initiative
crazy
teleportation while his opponent
does not have deportation since then
totally brain behind ultimate who
slows down the opponent we can say good
we could have done better but
look it's not over at
data that really takes the
transversal which is going to be a big
threatens silk the backup elements
who will arrive and pushed dexter then
that first shake is totally
locked up it unlocks the famous they
lajan with his beautiful teleportation
who is allowed to wed the ajena and one
can say well it's nothing that knows
that he does not know much except
that behind we validate a turret
thanks to the atp of 2md since it is him
who initiated this action
we will validate the first dragon which
thanks to the water atp must lead and in
exchange look at what hands are doing
they do not take anything no turn no
jungle no farm nothing special because
that must lead takes the initiative of
bach
he leaves directly this at full rate
to defend t1 turret from its rate
full and so we have really beats behind
joy to who try to push but there
will not happen and on the contrary to the data
who come again the element
key to the sub region he buys for
again look for them first
skew twice in a row his first
relief who takes the sauce like those
who will not get out so we have to
to lead that does a louvre action that goes
continue to watch the damage
monstrous
the ultimate that separates the two players
who has paved Norman of range there is like
if talking about player he must rely on
dedicated models 2 must lead both
that he can do nothing and joao who will
to be forced to die under the eyes
of his teammates
did we take three a tower a drake
without giving anything back to must lead
to totally carrie his team in
this game bravo to him is the honor
of the week we find ourselves well before
next week for a new
report I hope you enjoyed it
do not hesitate to react in comment I
read your messages carefully and then
will play it big kisses to the east
next week ciao